#End-User License Agreement

PLEASE READ THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE.
REGARDLESS OF HOW YOU ACQUIRE THE SOFTWARE (ELECTRONICALLY, PRE-LOADED, ON MEDIA
OR OTHERWISE), DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE SHALL INDICATE YOUR
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THIS END-USER LICENSE
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS END-USER
LICENSE AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.


##1.0 Definitions.

1.1) 'Licensor' means Genuitec L.L.C.; 1.2) 'Licensee' means anyone that
downloads and/or install the software on one or more computers; 1.3) 'Software'
means the release version of the software product as defined in section 1.12,
including any Content, as downloaded by Licensee or as provided on distribution
media in physical or electronic form; 1.4) 'Licensed Content' refers to Licensor
created software bundles, text or other materials provided by licensor or a
third party, for use exclusively with the Software pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement; 1.5) 'User Content' means Licensee-created  software bundles, text or
other materials for personal use or to share with other Licensees in connection
with the Software or Online Services; 1.6) 'Online Services' means the Licensor
Online Services and the Third Party Online Services available in connection with
the use of the Software or Licensed Content; 1.7) 'Term' refers to the effective
duration of the license agreement following possession of the software; 1.8)
‘Agreement’ shall mean this End User License Agreement; 1.9) ‘Content’ means all
software and information in executable, binary or text form included in the
distribution media, on-line or in electronic form, embedded data, programming,
HTML, files, images, graphics, icons, Documentation and all other content or
materials incorporated in or generated under the terms of this Agreement; 1.10)
‘Documentation’ refers to published product specifications and accompanying
documentation; 1.11)'Update' shall refer to maintenance releases specific to the
Software, as they will be made by Licensor under no obligation or commitment to
do so;


##2.0 License to Use the Software.

The Software, including Licensed Content, is protected by copyright under United
States, foreign laws and international treaties. Unauthorized use of the
Software or Licensed Content may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement, Licensor grants to
Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non sub- licensable, non-assignable license
to (i) install and use the Software on one or more computers; (ii) use the
Software and to access Online Services or to publish User Content to Online
Services, alone or in combination with Licensed Content (subject, in each case,
to the applicable Software Terms of Service or Third Party Terms of Service);
and (iii) make copies of the Software in machine- readable form.  The terms of
the Agreement will apply to all Updates provided to Licensee. This grant is not
a transfer of title, and under this license, Licensee may not: a) republish,
upload, post or transmit in any way the Software or Licensed Content except as
expressly authorized pursuant to the Agreement; b) reproduce, modify or create
derivative works from the Software or Licensed Content except as expressly
authorized pursuant to the Agreement; c) attempt to decompile, disassemble or
reverse engineer any Software or Licensed Content; d) remove any copyright or
other proprietary notations from the Software or Licensed Content; e)
distribute, transfer, sale, lease, sublicense, assign or otherwise make
available, directly or indirectly, the Software or Licensed Content, in part or
in whole, including any search output or results, to any other person; f) except
as may be specifically provided in the Agreement, permit the Software or
Licensed Content to be accessed through an electronic network beyond Licensee's
normal places of business; or g) 'mirror' the Software or Licensed Content on
external servers.


##3.0 Limitation of Liability.

This program is provided “as is” without warranties of any kind, either
expressed or implied.  Licensor assumes no responsibility for the selection or
use of the Software to achieve any intended purpose, for the proper use of
Software or for verifying the results obtained from use of the Software.
Licensee recognizes that the Software will interact with software provided by
other suppliers, and accepts that Licensor assumes no responsibility for such
use, interaction, performance issues, or failure to achieve any desired results.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the foregoing limited warranty is in
lieu of all other warranties or conditions, express or implied, and Licensor
disclaims any and all implied warranties or conditions, including any implied
warranty of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose, regardless of whether Licensor knows or had reason to know of
Licensee's particular needs. No employee, agent, dealer or distributor of
Licensor is authorized to modify this limited warranty, nor to make any
additional warranties. In no event will Licensor be liable for any damages,
including any lost profits, lost savings, or other incidental or consequential
damages arising from the use or the inability to use the Software (even if
Licensor or an authorized dealer or distributor has been advised of the
possibility of these damages), arising from any user Content created and/or
published by Licensee, or for any claim by any other party.


##4.0 Termination of Agreement.

The Agreement takes effect upon Licensor's use of the Software and remains
effective until terminated. The Agreement shall immediately and automatically
terminate without notice or any other act upon i) the attempted illegal
distribution, transfer, assignment, lease or sale of the Software, or rights
thereto, without the prior written consent of Licensor; or ii) notice in writing
given by Licensor upon the violation by that party of any provision of the
Agreement. Upon termination of the Agreement, Licensee will forthwith cease use
of the Software and destroy all of the original and copies of the Software and
Licensed Content, or any portion thereof, in any form, including stored in
electronic form on any of its computer equipment.  Licensor reserves the right
to reclassify this software as a non-freeware product at any time (i.e.
shareware, licensed royalty software, or public domain). Doing so will not
modify the license agreement of previously distributed executables.


##5.0 Confidentiality.

The Software contains trade secrets and proprietary know- how that belong to the
Licensor and it is being made available to Licensee in strict confidence. Any
use or disclosure of the Software, or of its algorithms, protocols or
interfaces, other than in strict accordance with the Agreement may be actionable
as a violation of licensor trade secret rights.


##6.0 Indemnity.

Licensee will indemnify Licensor and hold it harmless from and against any and
all claims which a third party may assert against Licensor by reason of or as a
consequence of Licensees use of the Software, including without limitation any
claims arising from any User Content created and/or published by Licensee


##7.0 General Provisions.

The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral and written, express
or implied, by and between any of the parties with respect to the subject
matter of this Agreement. No amendment or modification of the Agreement shall
be binding unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of
Licensor. The Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of Texas and federal laws of the United States. Any
actions at law or in equity arising out of or in relation to the Agreement may
be filed only in the state or federal courts of Dallas,  Texas, U.S.A. and
Licensee hereby consents and submits to the personal and exclusive
jurisdiction of such courts. If any one or more of the provisions contained in
the Agreement should be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect in
any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of such provision
or provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired as a result of such
event in any other jurisdiction and the validity, legality and enforceability
of the remaining provisions contained in the Agreement shall not in any way be
affected or impaired as a result of such event.


##8.0 Copyright and Trademark Notices.

All Software and Licensed Content is Copyright © 2015 Genuitec. 2221 Justin Rd
\#119-340, Flower Mound, TX 75028. Any rights not expressly granted herein are
reserved to the Licensor.
